README.md, before:

# Retro Bikes

[View the live project here.](https://will23jd.github.io/Retro-Bikes/)

 Retro bikes is a soical mountainbiking group that is was created by people who love mountain biking for people who love mounation biking. Retro Bikes provides a community to keep people active and healthy on weekly mountain bike rides. Retro Bikes is aimed at people that what to get back out on their bike or if they want a group of people to ride with. It will provide a place to get in touch to join the group and learn about the times, days, routes(*length and difficulty*) and any useful information such as what to bring for the rides(*helmet, water, spare tube*). 

![View of website on different screen sizes.](assets/images/responsive.png)

## User Experience (UX)

* ### Design 

    * ### Imagery 
    Imagery is very important as it catch's the user attention and provides extra context. The large hero image prodives an instant knowledge of what the site is about. Smaller images provide context and meaning.

    * ### Color Scheme
    The main colors used are green and off-white.

    * ### Typography 
    The main font used is Roboto with a fall back of Sans Serif. Roboto is a clean simple font that is easy to read and works will with the h1 and h2 font which is Rubik. Rubik is a smooth natural that fits in well as mountain biking is an sport that takes place in nature.

* ## Wireframes 

    * ### Landing Page 

    ![Home page Design](assets/images/1pTop.png)
    ![Home page design](assets/images/1pBottom.png)

    * ### Routes Page

    ![Routes page design](assets/images/2pRoutes.png)

    * ### Get In Touch Page

    ![Get In Touch page design](assets/images/3pGiT.png)

## Features

### Navigation

* At the top of the page is the group name in the left corner that links back to the home page. 
* On the right there are the other navigation link; Home which links to the index.html page, Info which scrolls down to the infrmation section on the home page, Routes which takes you to the routes.html page and Get In Touch which takes you to the GetInTouch.html page.
* The navigation is set out in a clear and familiar way so user can easly navigate the page as soon as they get to it.
* The logo is style in the same simple clean font as the other h1 and h2 elements with a green color the contrast with the back ground. The navigation links are in the same font color as the body element.

![Navigation bar](assets/images/nav.png)

### Lading page image

* Hero image includes a photograph of 2 people riding there bike on a trial.
* This intoduces the user to Retro Bikes and lets them know what its about.

![Hero image](assets/images/RmHero.png)

### Welcome to Retro Bikes and Hear From The Riders

* This section gives the user brief introduction into Retro Bikes and whats it's about
* The hear from the riders section lets the user hear from people that are in the group about what they like about it and why they go.

![Welcome And Hear from the rider](assets/images/welcome.png)

### Information and Safety

* Here the user can find information regarding the rides like time and location.
* In the section the user can see the requirements and safety that needs to be taken in to account when riding in the group.

![Information and Requirements and Safety](assets/images/infosafety.png)

### footer

* Footer used to link the user to Retro Bikes social media. All links will open in a new tab for ease of navigation.
* Allows the user to keep in connected and find out more via social media

 ![Footer](assets/images/footer.png)

 ### Routes

* This page allows to user to see the different rides that the group goes on
* It also provides the user usefull information about the ride such as skill level
* Like the home page this page includes the same navigation and footer to provide the user with a familiar layout for ease of navigation

 ![Routes page](assets/images/routes.png)

 ### Get In Touch

* This page provides a place for the user to leave their full name and email to get in touch with a lets ride submit button.
 
 ![Get In Touch page](assets/images/Git.png)

###  Features Left to Implement

* Adding more routes to the route page.

## Testing

### Navigation

* For testing the navigation I made sure all the links opened to the correct page from each different page with out error.
* I tested that the page opens and works in browers: Chrome, FireFox, Safari and Bing.
* I comfirmed that this project is responsive, keeps a consistent style, function as intended and looks good on all screen sizes using the devtools device toolbar and using the page on different devices.

### Get In Touch

* I have tested that the form will only submit with all the fields filled in and the email must be in the correct format.

### Validator Testing

* HTML
    * No erros were found when passing through the official W3C validator on the home, route and git in touch page.
* CSS
    * No erros were found when passing through the official (Jigsaw) validator.
* Accessibility
    * I used lighthouse to comfired all pages where easy to read and accessible.

    ![Lighthouse results](assets/images/lighthouse.png)

### Unfixed Bugs

* Images
Some images become distorted at unusual aspect ratios.

* Information 
The info buttom on the navigation just takes you to the home page on the Routes and Get In Touch page as it links to and id not a page.

## Technologies Used

### Languages Used

* HTML5
* CSS3

### Framework, Libraries and Programs used

* Balsamqi:
    * Used to create wireframes in the desgin process.
* Google Fonts:
    * Google fonts was used to import the Roboto and Rubix fonts into css which is used on all pages.
* Font Awesome:
    * Used for the social media links in the footer.
    
## Deployment

## Credits

## UX design

These images show a basic creation process using Balsamiq to create the skeleton for my retro bikes website.

### Home page

This is a basic mock up for the home page with the name Retro Bikes in the top right and the navigation in the top left, followed by a hero image of someone riding a bike. After there will be a section where there will be some short statements from some of this riders describing what they like about Retro bikes.
![Home page Design](assets/images/1pTop.png)

Scrolling down or clicking the info button on the nav bar will take you to a section describing the requirements and safety and a information section with anothing image showing the items needed. At the bottom of the page will be a footer with social media links in it.
![Home page design](assets/images/1pBottom.png)

### Page 2 Routes

Clicking the routes button will take you to a new page that follows the same style as the home page. Where a list of the different routes will be. Each one will have an image of the route with a small amount of text under each containing information such as what the route bring, distance, climbing and the skill level.
![Routes page design](assets/images/2pRoutes.png)

### Page 3 Get In Touch

Clicking the Get In Touch button will take you to the 3rd page where it will be a simple get in touch page with boxs for name, last name and email. This will be contained in a box with the background of the page being a large image.

Commit message:

Add deployment section to README

README.md, after:

# Retro Bikes

[View the live project here.](https://will23jd.github.io/Retro-Bikes/)

 Retro bikes is a soical mountainbiking group that is was created by people who love mountain biking for people who love mounation biking. Retro Bikes provides a community to keep people active and healthy on weekly mountain bike rides. Retro Bikes is aimed at people that what to get back out on their bike or if they want a group of people to ride with. It will provide a place to get in touch to join the group and learn about the times, days, routes(*length and difficulty*) and any useful information such as what to bring for the rides(*helmet, water, spare tube*). 

![View of website on different screen sizes.](assets/images/responsive.png)

## User Experience (UX)

* ### Design 

    * ### Imagery 
    Imagery is very important as it catch's the user attention and provides extra context. The large hero image prodives an instant knowledge of what the site is about. Smaller images provide context and meaning.

    * ### Color Scheme
    The main colors used are green and off-white.

    * ### Typography 
    The main font used is Roboto with a fall back of Sans Serif. Roboto is a clean simple font that is easy to read and works will with the h1 and h2 font which is Rubik. Rubik is a smooth natural that fits in well as mountain biking is an sport that takes place in nature.

* ## Wireframes 

    * ### Landing Page 

    ![Home page Design](assets/images/1pTop.png)
    ![Home page design](assets/images/1pBottom.png)

    * ### Routes Page

    ![Routes page design](assets/images/2pRoutes.png)

    * ### Get In Touch Page

    ![Get In Touch page design](assets/images/3pGiT.png)

## Features

### Navigation

* At the top of the page is the group name in the left corner that links back to the home page. 
* On the right there are the other navigation link; Home which links to the index.html page, Info which scrolls down to the infrmation section on the home page, Routes which takes you to the routes.html page and Get In Touch which takes you to the GetInTouch.html page.
* The navigation is set out in a clear and familiar way so user can easly navigate the page as soon as they get to it.
* The logo is style in the same simple clean font as the other h1 and h2 elements with a green color the contrast with the back ground. The navigation links are in the same font color as the body element.

![Navigation bar](assets/images/nav.png)

### Lading page image

* Hero image includes a photograph of 2 people riding there bike on a trial.
* This intoduces the user to Retro Bikes and lets them know what its about.

![Hero image](assets/images/RmHero.png)

### Welcome to Retro Bikes and Hear From The Riders

* This section gives the user brief introduction into Retro Bikes and whats it's about
* The hear from the riders section lets the user hear from people that are in the group about what they like about it and why they go.

![Welcome And Hear from the rider](assets/images/welcome.png)

### Information and Safety

* Here the user can find information regarding the rides like time and location.
* In the section the user can see the requirements and safety that needs to be taken in to account when riding in the group.

![Information and Requirements and Safety](assets/images/infosafety.png)

### footer

* Footer used to link the user to Retro Bikes social media. All links will open in a new tab for ease of navigation.
* Allows the user to keep in connected and find out more via social media

 ![Footer](assets/images/footer.png)

 ### Routes

* This page allows to user to see the different rides that the group goes on
* It also provides the user usefull information about the ride such as skill level
* Like the home page this page includes the same navigation and footer to provide the user with a familiar layout for ease of navigation

 ![Routes page](assets/images/routes.png)

 ### Get In Touch

* This page provides a place for the user to leave their full name and email to get in touch with a lets ride submit button.
 
 ![Get In Touch page](assets/images/Git.png)

###  Features Left to Implement

* Adding more routes to the route page.

## Testing

### Navigation

* For testing the navigation I made sure all the links opened to the correct page from each different page with out error.
* I tested that the page opens and works in browers: Chrome, FireFox, Safari and Bing.
* I comfirmed that this project is responsive, keeps a consistent style, function as intended and looks good on all screen sizes using the devtools device toolbar and using the page on different devices.

### Get In Touch

* I have tested that the form will only submit with all the fields filled in and the email must be in the correct format.

### Validator Testing

* HTML
    * No erros were found when passing through the official W3C validator on the home, route and git in touch page.
* CSS
    * No erros were found when passing through the official (Jigsaw) validator.
* Accessibility
    * I used lighthouse to comfired all pages where easy to read and accessible.

    ![Lighthouse results](assets/images/lighthouse.png)

### Unfixed Bugs

* Images
Some images become distorted at unusual aspect ratios.

* Information 
The info buttom on the navigation just takes you to the home page on the Routes and Get In Touch page as it links to and id not a page.

## Technologies Used

### Languages Used

* HTML5
* CSS3

### Framework, Libraries and Programs used

* Balsamqi:
    * Used to create wireframes in the desgin process.
* Google Fonts:
    * Google fonts was used to import the Roboto and Rubix fonts into css which is used on all pages.
* Font Awesome:
    * Used for the social media links in the footer.

## Deployment

### GitHub Pages

The project was deployed to GitHub Pages using the following steps...

1. Log in to GitHub and locate the [GitHub Repository](https://github.com/)
2. At the top of the Repository (not top of page), locate the "Settings" Button on the menu.
3. On the left side of the Settings page locate the pages Section (second to last one).
4. Under "Source", click the dropdown called "None" and select "main".
5. Refresh the page until it says your is published at:.
6. Click the link and it will take you to your page.

## Credits

## UX design

These images show a basic creation process using Balsamiq to create the skeleton for my retro bikes website.

### Home page

This is a basic mock up for the home page with the name Retro Bikes in the top right and the navigation in the top left, followed by a hero image of someone riding a bike. After there will be a section where there will be some short statements from some of this riders describing what they like about Retro bikes.
![Home page Design](assets/images/1pTop.png)

Scrolling down or clicking the info button on the nav bar will take you to a section describing the requirements and safety and a information section with anothing image showing the items needed. At the bottom of the page will be a footer with social media links in it.
![Home page design](assets/images/1pBottom.png)

### Page 2 Routes

Clicking the routes button will take you to a new page that follows the same style as the home page. Where a list of the different routes will be. Each one will have an image of the route with a small amount of text under each containing information such as what the route bring, distance, climbing and the skill level.
![Routes page design](assets/images/2pRoutes.png)

### Page 3 Get In Touch

Clicking the Get In Touch button will take you to the 3rd page where it will be a simple get in touch page with boxs for name, last name and email. This will be contained in a box with the background of the page being a large image.
